every time Apple brings a new iPad to
the market or a new software for the
iPad people in the tech community are
like oh [ __ ] here we go again maybe this
time the iPad will be good maybe this
time is the time the iPad is what we've
always wanted it to be what we've hoped
it would be right from beginning now
they just launched iPad OS and this is a
very large change in how the iPad can be
used it brings new functionality it
brings new features
it honestly breathes new life into this
entire platform so one of the things
that has now is a native file system and
we've always wanted that on our iPads
but interestingly they also have a new
download manager for files you download
in your browser so if you're in Safari
and you download a file like this is on
battlenet you can download the battlenet
user interface and you can't actually
use it on the iPad but the fact that you
can download it and it'll show up in
this file system is something that I
never would have expected you also get
full-blown Safari so instead of like a
mobile version of websites that you
visit you get an actual desktop version
experience which is something that I've
personally really wanted I think a lot
of people want that as well it's
something that really differentiated
between laptops and tablets
you also get Mouse support so you can
connect either a Bluetooth or wired USB
mouse to the system now it's not
official support like it's used right
now for accessibility services but the
fact that they have this feature clearly
shows that if they wanted to they could
implement something more robust down the
line you also get support for USB drives
and this is something that we've been
wanting forever I mean a lot of
photographers and videographers just
want to build it to store stuff on
external drives and it's not just that
like anybody with files wants access to
USB drives and we finally get that and
this also works for lightning so it's
not just the u.s. PC version of the iPad
pro like the older ones with lightning
connectors as long as you have an
adapter you can connect USB drives to
the system and you also get a whole
bunch of gestures to navigate a little
bit better in the operating system and
those gestures allow you to edit
documents and stuff like that so clearly
these improvements aren't just small
little tweaks right these feel like they
addressed some of the major issues of
the iPad had since its inception
but despite all these extra features and
functionality after using this for a few
days it really felt like something was
still missing and it made me wonder what
could they have done to this to make it
a more laptop like experience and the
first thing that comes to mind I think a
lot of people might go to the same
direction is apps not like regular apps
they have a ton of apps in the App Store
it's like people want that full app
experience right they want a full
version of final cut or Adobe Premiere
or Adobe whatever it is like they want
to have that desktop app that they're
used to running the iPad because the
hardware is more than sufficient right
this is very powerful hardware you can
run basically any application you get
throw in it but we're missing the apps
so if you think about software
developers they use this thing called
Xcode it's a development tool that runs
on Mac OS so it runs on their laptops
and their desktops but it does not exist
as an app for their iPads and now that
we're this close like we have amazing
hardware and USB connectivity and mouse
connectivity and keyboard connectivity
were so close like all the pieces to
making this thing a great laptop
replacement are there but now we're
starting to see the actual limitations
of this form factor like even if you had
Xcode running on this thing or final cut
or premiere or whatever professional
application that you're used to on a
desktop if you put it on the iPad you
have limitations like screen size
developing apps editing videos or even
working on stuff in Microsoft Excel is
not that great on a small screen plus
once you bring your accessories with you
the difference in weight between a
laptop setup and an iPad setup is
probably only a few hundred grams and
keep in mind they're not actually trying
to make a laptop here right a lot of
people have been like hey I wish they
would run Mac OS on the iPad but then it
runs the risk of becoming like the
surface and this is a device that's a
great laptop but because Windows 10 was
built for desktops and laptops the
tablet experience is mediocre at best
and then you also think about Apple's
perspective on this right they are not
trying to build laptop replacements as
much as we want them to be with a
cheaper device they really aren't in the
business of selling a three or four
hundred dollar tablet that will replace
their two thousand dollar laptop line
like that's clearly not what they're
trying to do what's probably more likely
is they want their iPhone user base
because it's a
of iPhone users out there they want
those people to make the decision to
purchase a iPad instead of a Windows
laptop and with iPad OS I actually feel
like this could be a thing I like that
they have a separate OS for this I like
that it's gonna regular updates it's
clearly a new kind of direction that
they're going to take the iPads like
it's gonna be a faster paced development
process for this whole ecosystem I like
that and they've just done such a good
job with it this time around and this is
just the first beta it's super buggy but
I can already tell that this is a way
better primary computer for the average
person like way better than it would
have been a week ago I think a lot of
people still want that laptop
replacement I don't know if it'll ever
hit that because if you asked the
question of what's missing from the
system why does it not feel like a
proper replacement it's not the hardware
like clearly the hardware is very
sufficient I don't even think it's a
software I think the limitations that
we're seeing right now are just the
limitations of the form factor it's a
tablet and if you mess with it too much
and you tweak it too much you lose what
it is you lose that tablet heed nature
of the iPad so I think the way we see it
right now is the way it's got to be okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
we liked it subs if you loved it see you
guys next time